.\" Copyright (C) 2008 Steve Stalcup <vorian@ubuntu.com>
.\"
.\" This manual page is free software.  It is distributed under the
.\" terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
.\" option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This manual page is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this manual page; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301
.\" USA
.\"
.TH "trash-list" "1"

.SH "NAME"
trash-list \- List trashed files.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B trash-list [OPTIONS]... [PATH]...

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
List all the contents of the trashcan.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
List all trashed files or grep output:
.nf
$ trash-list
2008-06-23 21:57:26 /home/andrea/src/bluetrash/pippo
2008-06-23 21:50:41 /home/andrea/foobar
2008-06-23 21:50:49 /home/andrea/foobar
2008-06-23 21:53:13 /media/disk/adsfljasldj
$ trash-list | grep foo
2008-06-23 21:50:41 /home/andrea/foobar
2008-06-23 21:50:49 /home/andrea/foobar
.fi

.SH "BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/andreafrancia/trash-cli/issues or to
andrea@andreafrancia.it

.SH "IF YOU WANT SAY THANKS"
Tweet (to @andreafrancia or #trash-cli) or donate 1, 2 or 5 euros using paypal:
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=93L6PYT4WBN5A

.SH "CREDITS"
Trash was written by Andrea Francia <andrea@andreafrancia.it>.
The original version of trash-empty was contributed by Einar Orn Olason <eoo@hi.is>.
The first version of manual pages was written by Steve Stalcup <vorian@ubuntu.com> 
and was modified by Massimo Cavalleri <submax@tiscalinet.it>.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
trash-put(1), trash-restore(1), trash-empty(1), and the
FreeDesktop.org Trash Specification at 
http://www.ramendik.ru/docs/trashspec.html.
.br

Both are released under the \s-1GNU\s0 General Public License, version 2 or
later.
