.\" Copyright (C) 2008 Steve Stalcup <vorian@ubuntu.com>
.\"
.\" This manual page is free software.  It is distributed under the
.\" terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
.\" option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This manual page is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this manual page; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301
.\" USA
.\"
.TH "TRASH-PUT" "1"

.SH "NAME"
trash-put \- Command line trash utility.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B trash
.RI [ OPTION ] 
\&...
.RI [ ARGUMENTS ]
\&...
.br
.B trash-put
.RI [ OPTION ]
\&...
.RI [ ARGUMENTS ]
\&...

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Trash-cli package provides a command line interface trashcan utility
compliant with the FreeDesktop.org Trash Specification.
It remembers the name, original path, deletion date, and permissions of
each trashed file.
.br

Files trashed from the home partition will be in either $XDG_DATA_HOME/Trash
or ~/.local/share/Trash/ (if $XDG_DATA_HOME is not defined or empty).

Files trashed from other partitions will be in one of the two places:

 - $top_dir/.Trash/$uid
 - $top_dir/.Trash-$uid

Where:
 - $top_dir is the mount point of the volume containing the file to be removed
 - $uid is the numeric ID of the deleting user

The first option $top_dir/.Trash/$uid works only when .Trash dir has the sticky
bit set. The second option is used when the first is not viable.

.SH "ARGUMENTS"
.TP
Names of files or directories to move in the trashcan.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP "-f"
.br
Silently ignore any files or directories that do not exist.
Do not print error messages, and do not return a nonzero status
to the caller, because of any such nonexistent arguments.

.IP "-h, --help"
Show help message and exit.

.IP "--trash-dir=TRASHDIR"
Use TRASHDIR as the trash folder.

.IP "-v, --verbose"
Explain what is being done.

.IP "--version"
Show the program's version number and exit.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.nf
$ trash-put foo   # trashes foo 
.fi

.SH "BUGS"
Please, report bugs to https://github.com/andreafrancia/trash-cli/issues

.SH "IF YOU WANT SAY THANKS"
Tweet (to @andreafrancia or #trash-cli) or donate 1, 2 or 5 euros using paypal:
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=93L6PYT4WBN5A

.SH "CREDITS"
Trash was written by Andrea Francia <andrea@andreafrancia.it>.
The original version of trash-empty was contributed by Einar Orn Olason <eoo@hi.is>.
The first version of manual pages was written by Steve Stalcup <vorian@ubuntu.com> 
and was modified by Massimo Cavalleri <submax@tiscalinet.it>.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
trash-list(1),
trash-restore(1),
trash-empty(1),
trash-rm(1),
and the FreeDesktop.org Trash Specification at 
https://specifications.freedesktop.org/trash-spec/trashspec-1.0.html.
.br

Both are released under the \s-1GNU\s0 General Public License, 
version 2 or later.
